####foodpanda
Foodpanda (stylized as foodpanda) is a German mobile food delivery marketplace headquartered in Berlin, Germany, operating in 40 countries and territories. The service allows users to select from local restaurants and place orders via its mobile applications as well as its websites. The company has partnered with over 27,095 restaurants in 193 cities and works with over 15,733 delivery riders. The firm was acquired by Delivery Hero in early December 2016.
Foodpanda's business in India was acquired by Indian cab-aggregator Ola on 29 December 2017 for an undisclosed amount.
The Foodpanda was founded in 2012 by Lukas Nagel and Rico Wyder in South-East Asia across Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, and the Philippines. In February 2014, Foodpanda acquired its main rival in Pakistan Eat Oye!. In November 2016 the company sold its Delivery Club business in Russia to mail.ru for $100 million. In December 2016, the Foodpanda group was acquired by the German competitor Delivery Hero. Foodpanda's business in India was acquired by Ola for all share deal on 11 December 2017.

* Restaurant a boseo oi restaurant theke foodpanday order deya babe.
*first time order korle akta offer thakbe.
*khabar hotpot e kore delivery kora hoy.
  

###pathao
Pathao (Bengali: পাঠাও); is a Bangladeshi on-demand digital platform and transportation network company headquartered in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The company operates in three cities of Bangladesh: Dhaka, Chittagong, Sylhet, and in Kathmandu, Nepal. Pathao has ride-sharing services, food delivery, courier and E-commerce logistics solution services.  Pathao is the first major ride-sharing company in Bangladesh to get enlistment certificate from the authorities.
Pathao is a Bengali word meaning "send". The company was founded by Hussain Elius and Shifat Adnan.
Pathao follows a SuperApp model, providing all of its services through one app.They update their app frequently to make the overall app navigation more straightforward and more natural for all users.
Pathao currently provides ride-sharing, parcel, food delivery and On-demand Transport Sharing services in 3 major cities of Bangladesh, Dhaka, Chittagong and Sylhet and in Kathmandu of Nepal. Its food delivery services are currently available in Dhaka Metropolitan Regions and Chittagong Metro areas.

*revenue-start with 50,000 bikes,It has more than 200,000 registered vehicles across the country
*Services- Ride-sharing,Parcel,eCommerce delivery, Food delivery, 


###Shohoz 
Shohoz.com, owned by Shohoj Limited, is a premium online travel service provider which aims to make long distance travel in Bangladesh easy and convenient. Driven by the passion to serve you better, Shohoz.com went on to pioneer the online travel industry by offering bus tickets, hotel reservations and launch tickets.
Shohoz.com reveres its existence to make travel easy and convenient with an aim to empower travellers in Bangladesh with the ability to gain predictability into their travel schedules.
A trusted service backed by customer service excellence and innovation in operations, Shohoz.com provides information about pricing, availability, timings, and booking facility for bus tickets, hotel reservations and launch tickets. If you do not have access to internet, you can call 16374 and get your bookings done. You can pay for the tickets or hotel bookings via credit / debit cards, mobile payment gateways like bKash or cash. We offer Cash on Delivery (CoD), where you pay for your tickets or bookings in cash once your receive them at your doorstep.

*Services-
Shohoz Ride
Shohoz Food
Shohoz Truck
Shohoz Bus
Shohoz Launch
Shohoz Event
Shohoz Movie

###Bikroy.com

Bikroy.com was launched in 2012 and has sections dedicated to private and business advertisements for cars and vehicles, property, electronics, home appliances and personal items, sport and hobby items, and jobs, among others.
Classified advertisements are currently placed on Bikroy.com and remain on the site for a period of 60 days. Bikroy.com is available in English and Bengali.
The site came into the local media spotlight following a formal press conference event held in Dhaka on 18 October 2012.
Bikroy is owned by global tech firm – Saltside Technologies. Saltside Technologies is a Sweden based, last stage venture funded company with 65 million USD funding as of January 2015. Currently, Saltside Technologies has established classified sites as Tonaton.com in Ghana and Ikman.lk in Sri Lanka, in addition to Bikroy.com in Bangladesh

*service-

All Categories

Electronics (82,584)

Mobiles (36,902)

Vehicles (23,467)

Home & Living (21,890)

Property (20,148)

Fashion, Health & Beauty (13,279)

Pets & Animals (10,067)

Hobbies, Sports & Kids (5,768)

Education (2,061)

Business & Industry (1,993)

Services (1,297)

Food & Agriculture (889)

Jobs (710)
